Remove an integration parameter "Environment" that was introduced by mistake (#18769)
demisto/content: Packs/Palo_Alto_Networks_Enterprise_DLP/Integrations/Palo_Alto_Networks_Enterprise_DLP/README.md

> Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP discovers and protects company data across every data channel and repository. Integrated Enterprise DLP enables data protection and compliance everywhere without complexity.
> This integration was integrated and tested with version xx of Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP integration discovers and protects company data across every data channel and repository.   Integrated Enterprise DLP enables data protection and compliance everywhere without complexity.  
This integration was integrated and tested with Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP version 2.0.
```
